


SLEEPING
A good night's sleep is important to our physical and mental well-being. For children and youth, getting enough sleep contributes to feeling well, doing well in school, and to mood and behaviour.
For children and youth with mental health concerns, getting enough sleep can mean:
less aggression
less hyperactivity
less depression and anxiety
better concentration
Families can develop good sleep hygiene by:

Exercising during the day
Avoiding bright lights after dinner (including TV and computer)
Making sure the bedroom is dark, quiet and comfortable
Having a bedtime routine, including going to bed at the same time every night
Find out more information on sleep and ways to help children and youth to have a good night’s sleep in the Healthy Living Toolkits and in the tools and resources below.





PARENTING
Talk about your own stress, and encourage your child to talk about their feelings
Make sure your expectations for your child are reasonable
Show your child trust, support and love
Give your child opportunities to contribute to the family, like choosing a family activity
Give your child opportunities to make their own decisions



MINDFULLNESS
Much of our stress and pain comes from being pulled away from the present moment.
We are distracted with regrets about the past, worries about the future, and judgments about the present.
Mindfulness is all about encouraging awareness of oneself in the present moment, without judgment.
Practicing mindfulness can help to improve our social and emotional well-being, and contribute to the ability to manage difficult or stressful situations. 


Mindfulness can simply be translated to "selfawareness."
It is the process of focusing the mind, body
and soul on what is being sensed in this moment, and it
gives you the insight to observe and understand
negative feelings from a distance.
Mindfulness practices can help relieve stress, improve
sleep, and reduce chronic pain, blood pressure and
symptoms of heart disease. It also has the power to
change the way your brain functions. Studies have found
that activities such as meditation and yoga increase the
number of signaling connections in the brain and provide
better control over processing pain and emotions.



NO DRUG ABUSE 
Abusing drugs and alcohol may seem like an effective
way to cope with symptoms of a mental illness, but they
can actually make a condition worse.
In addition, certain antipsychotic medications cause an
increased risk of heart disease. Smoking will elevate this
risk even further. Medications are also broken down
faster in people who smoke, meaning that smokers
being treated with medication for a mental health
condition have to take higher doses than nonsmokers,
which can lead to more unpleasant side effects.