yoga journal
chalkboard magazine
clean Eating magazine
well+good
conscious lifestyle magazine


         anxiety

              quotes
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.

nothing can bring you peace but yourself.

When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.

Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.

Just because I can't explain the feelings causing my anxiety, doesn't make them less valid.
     lauren elizabeth

Anxiety can feel as huge as the big, blue sea, but remember that the sea is made up of smaller
waves.

Anxiety is one little tree in your forest. Step back and look at the whole forest."

                    
                   stress
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.-- Sydney J. Harris

You can't always control what goes on outside, but you can always control what goes on inside.--Wayne Dyer

The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.--Richard Bach

Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. --Confucius


                     great

If you want to shine like a sun ,first burn like a sun    --Abdul Kalam


I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.”-John Stuart Mill

Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.”-Bertrand Russell

The secret of happiness, you see is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.”-Socrates

From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate. Socrates

The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. Socrates

there is nothing permanent except change.    heraclitus

The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward. Amelia Earhart 

learning never exhausts the mind-   leonardo da vinci

there is no charm equal to tenderness of heart  -jane austen

good judgement comes from experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgement
---will Rogers

It is far better to be alone than to be in bad company.   -george washington

the supreme art of war is subdue the enenmy without fighting. --sun tzu

keep your face always toward the sunshiine and shadows will fall behind you.-Walt Whitman

you can't blame gravity for falling in love.  --Einstein

The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. --lao tzuu

there are two ways of spreading light: to be the cancle or the mirror that reflects it. ---edith wharton

Whoever is happy will make others happy too.   --anne frank

A leader is one who knows the way,goes the way and shows the way. -maxwell

the secret of getting ahead is getting started.   -mark twain.

Always remember that you are absoluteley unique.just like everyone else. -Margaret mead

Problems are not stop signs ,they are guidelines.

all our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them

Believe you can and you are haifway there    --roosevelt


In three words i can sum up everything i have learned about life:it goes on.
    ---robert frost

success is not final,failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts.    ---winston churchill

do not dwell in the past,do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.     ----BUDDHA

Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
    ---robert louis stevenson

Nothing is impossible,the word itself says "I'm possible" --audrey hepburn

It is during our darkest moments that we focus to see the light ---Aristotle

the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched -they must be felt with the heart.    --helen keller





























