(never, a few times, sometimes, often, constantly)
1) I was very anxious, worried or scared about a lot of things in my life.
2) I felt that my worry was out of my control.	
3) I felt restless, agitated, frantic, or tense.
4) I had trouble sleeping - I could not fall or stay asleep, and/or didn't feel well-rested when I woke up.
(not at all, mild, moderate, severe)
5) My heart would skip beat, was pounding, or my heart rate increased. 	
6) I was sweating profusely.
7) My hands, legs or entire body were shaking, trembling, or felt tingly.
8) I had difficulty breathing or swallowing.
9) I had pain in my chest, almost like I was having a heart attack.
10) I felt sick to my stomach, like I was going to throw up, or had diarrhea.
11) I felt dizzy, my head was spinning, or felt like I was going to faint.
12) I had cold or hot flashes.
13) I was scared that I would lose control, go crazy, or die.
(..)
14) How frequently did you experience panic attacks in last six months?
i) Several times a day.
ii) Once or twice a day.
iii) A few times a week.
iv) Less than few times a week.
v) Never.
(y/n)
15) Did you purposely avoid situations or activities in which you might experience a panic attack?
16) Directly - I was a victim of a traumatic event.
17) I witnessed it in person (happening to someone else).
18) I learned about it happening to a close family member or friend.
19) I was exposed to it as a result of my job (e.g. paramedic, police officer, fire fighter etc.).
20) I am haunted by memories, flashbacks, or nightmares about the event.
21) I lost trust in humanity and myself, and began expecting the worst of others and of situations.
22) I frequently felt fear, guilt, shame, or blamed myself or others for what happened.
23) I lost interest in activities that I used to enjoy.
24) I became irritable or enraged because of minor issues (or for no reason at all).
25) I became reckless or took unncessary risks.
26) I became excessively vigilant, tense, "on guard" or jumpy.
27) I had trouble focusing, concentrating, or remembering things.
28) I purposely avoided anything that reminded me of the event (e.g. certain people, places, objects, activities).
29) I was unable to feel happiness, contentment, joy, or love, or had trouble connecting with people.
(not at all, mild, moderate, severe)
30) I frequently felt sad, like I couldn't go on.
31) I stopped having fun doing things that I used to enjoy.
32) I lost or gained weight without trying to, or my appetite changed.
33) I felt slowed down compared to my usual pace.
34) I felt exhausted.
35) I felt worthless or guilty.
36) I kept thinking about death or taking my own life.
37) The sadness I was feeling made it difficult for me to function in my personal, social, or work life.
38) I experienced an unusually elevated mood where I was extremely elated, energetic, or irritable.
39) I had a sudden burst of confidence, or felt like I was better than anyone else.
40) I had periods of time when I needed little or no sleep, yet functioned as well or better than usual.
41) My mind was flooded with thoughts, and I talked more/faster than usual.
42) I started to tackle multiple goals/activities at once (more than I usually would) or jumped from one interest to another in an attempt to do it all.
43) I got involved in fun things that, in hindsight, could have had negative consequences (e.g. carefree or unprotected sex, shopping sprees, unwise investments, excessive gambling, etc.).
44) I experienced extreme mood swings from depression to elation without any apparent reason.
45) The mood changes I experienced kept me from living my life to the fullest, or required me to be hospitalized to prevent harm to myself/others.
(subjective) 
46) How do you handle excessive workload?
47) What activity do you do when you need to de-stress?
48) Describe a situation where you are stressed?
49) What’s your mood been like this past week (compared to when you feel OK)?
50) In the past week, how have you felt about yourself? 
51) How have you been spending your time this past week (when not at work)? 
